so that's it all my chic cycle and
vine growers find themselves for a
new video
freestyle football so I was asked to
make a video blow of the scarf so the
scarf blow it's not so
difficult it takes above all the
power to send it to the older mans
of its grid of evil it is there I arrive at
send them to the tatars of the transversals
but it makes a potential forum to and
sometimes you risk hurting you in
variants that can mark deceiving
the goal with another sequence so
I wanted to show this to all
scarf kick tables and I have
assisted by rod there will you ask when
I press down on the left of the balloon but
right and left and there you want my
But the road to
the spurs get tapped with the foot
from rohff we cross so you are
several techniques to want to be
close like that behind
finally harrison lavander
for me I was a bit faked
after that it takes power x
send it to the farm says loeb if I had it
to there that I have not see so
after that is the power well near the
ball
otherwise it's neither too much nor you
may hurt your calf
once that happened to me I do my
advice what do you put your name on
belon shoe the human state
we find me will force paris his
races the big number implicitly
inco has a foot in the street but a foot
not to have recovered a foot falling
how much do you do about
the utah I showed you
so we leave it the fanta for good in
below good here I do not want to type
too loud so you see you do
like did not come because he the case panel
I think I rubbed confronted
like that frankly it would have to
you type only to do
be careful on the lawn
after that, I'll do a little bit in the air
and what will make you so strong that
can you do it either
shot in headscarves that do that myself this
I make for the street performances to
a variant to find the boul when
you pull you down like that she
offer legault wants to believe you have the
chance to have again are you have
attracted to do that and after you the
touch up but it's quite complicated
agree we noticed as it happens
finally wanted to put a hit the have they
Do it
owning a child learns no loan
if it's not complicated after you have
late shot headscarf
we followed the outdoors in front of
so legal continues after I tell you
the fall on vacation of the blow m
I can not do too much videos
I leave I have two days left
to leave for two weeks in
england so saw that I saw you have
well liked some people with a
eminent video and my dog
so I 'm going to get an idea of ​​it so that
will be good you'll see it's a kind
of trailer I do not know if I'm going
get there to do because it is
did not know very complicated I try to
to do a thing drinking ceccarelli badly one
can not tell him that he had to
case your comments makes me super
pleasure and guys 300 subscribers I you
say there really is not in August after
I leave for two months in Portugal and
in spain internal finland so the ja
game let us do the 300 subscribers
a freestyle compilation but they
have sent heavy on heavy but I
you do not take it maybe we'll be
a little over 300 heads is a little
the less it depends it fast forward
we can see that it's a lot of progress
I think that at the end of August I would have
300 I find in the case I thank you and
well here I am going to try to make a
compilation that sends heavy weight
it is to make new gestures that
I will learn this after you had to
summarize the cetto learners with his
small pebbles